[chore] Update CHANGELOG.md (#5090)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

> 🚩 When setting properties for discovery receiver as environment variables (`SPLUNK_DISCOVERY_*`), the values cannot reference other environment variables without curly-braces. For example, user is trying to set discovery property `SPLUNK_DISCOVERY_EXTENSIONS_k8s_observer_ENABLED` to the value of another env var, `K8S_ENVIRONMENT`.
> For versions older than 0.104.0, setting it as `SPLUNK_DISCOVERY_EXTENSIONS_k8s_observer_ENABLED=\$K8S_ENVIRONMENT` (note the escaped variable name does not have curly braces) was valid. But from v0.104.0, env var names need to be passed with braces. For this example, user should modify it to `SPLUNK_DISCOVERY_EXTENSIONS_k8s_observer_ENABLED=\${K8S_ENVIRONMENT}`.

### ❗ Known Issues ❗

> - A bug was discovered (and fixed in a future version) where expansion logic in confmaps wasn't correctly handling the escaping of $$ ([#10560](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/10560))

Reviewer: It would be good to include the work around here of disabling the `confmap.unifyEnvVarExpansion` feature gate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A bug was discovered (and fixed in a future version) where expansion logic in confmaps wasn't correctly handling the escaping of $$ ([#10560](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/10560))
As a workaround, you can disable this behavior by disabling the feature gate `confmap.unifyEnvVarExpansion` by running the collector with the command line argument `--feature-gates=-confmap.unifyEnvVarExpansion` .
```

Author: Done

> 🚩 When setting properties for discovery receiver as environment variables (`SPLUNK_DISCOVERY_*`), the values cannot reference other environment variables without curly-braces. For example, user is trying to set discovery property `SPLUNK_DISCOVERY_EXTENSIONS_k8s_observer_ENABLED` to the value of another env var, `K8S_ENVIRONMENT`.
> For versions older than 0.104.0, setting it as `SPLUNK_DISCOVERY_EXTENSIONS_k8s_observer_ENABLED=\$K8S_ENVIRONMENT` (note the escaped variable name does not have curly braces) was valid. But from v0.104.0, env var names need to be passed with braces. For this example, user should modify it to `SPLUNK_DISCOVERY_EXTENSIONS_k8s_observer_ENABLED=\${K8S_ENVIRONMENT}`.

### ❗ Known Issues ❗

- A bug was discovered (and fixed in a future version) where expansion logic in confmaps wasn't correctly handling the escaping of $$ ([#10560](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/10560))

>   - If you rely on the previous functionality, disable the `confmap.unifyEnvVarExpansion` feature gate. Note that this is a temporary workaround, and the root issue will be fixed in a future release with ([#10560](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/10560)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you rely on the previous functionality, disable the `confmap.unifyEnvVarExpansion` feature gate. Note that this is a temporary workaround, and the root issue will be fixed in the next release by ([#10560](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/10560)).
```
Nit: The upstream fix has already been merged so it will be in the next release.

### 🛑 Breaking changes 🛑

- (Core) `expandconverter`: By default expandconverter will now error if it is about to expand `$FOO` syntax. Update configuration to use `${env:FOO}` instead or disable the `confmap.unifyEnvVarExpansion` feature gate. ([#10435](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/10435))

>   - A bug was identified where bash sysntax code that used expansion didn't honor escaping ([#10560](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/10560))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A bug was identified where bash syntax code that used expansion didn't honor escaping ([#10560](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/10560))
```
I think this message should go up above the breaking changes with the other warnings, maybe even the first warning in the list. We should make it clear that the bug is in `v0.104.0`, not fixed in. I'd also suggest we include the exact case that's causing issues in the changelog, so customers know as clearly as possible whether or not they're impacted.
